in order to control the population issue
family planning has been carried out
worldwide a scientist thinks that it is
possible to create robotic children for
families to adopt that rover must meet
human emotional needs to make a robot
look like a real human they invented
artificial intelligence love program in
order to make the robot possess the
human emotions in love this woman had a
son being terminal illness the current
science world cannot cure it until one
day the doctor told them that the child
did not live much longer fortunately
scientists have found a test subject for
a robot child the husband accepted to be
a tester he brought the robot kid named
david home with the hope that his wife
would not be upset unexpectedly monica
could not accept it she said that
nothing in this world could replace her
son but david grew more lovable more
obedient and but he's not close to
everyone the next day monica opens the
boy's love program since then the love
for his mother has become the only
reason to exist in the life of the boy
monica had to take her child's old toy a
teddy bear for the boy to play with
david began to see love overflowing in
his life unexpectedly the advancement of
science made monica's biological son
martin recover from the disease since
then monica spent her love for her real
son more than david in his heart david
still thought that he was also his
mother's child without knowing that he
was a robot martin teased the boy by
filling his mouth with full of food that
leads to the circuit to be short and had
to be repaired then martin instigated
the boy to take scissors to cut a hair
from his mother while his mother slept
to make her love him more the
information was immediately established
in david's program at night david did as
marin said making his mother scared to
wake up the haircut is gathered by the
teddy bear the husband extremely angry
he thinks that david wants to harm her
so he tells her to throw david away but
monica was determined not to believe
david deliberately harmed her on
martin's birthday a friend of martin
scares david to panic this stimulates
the defense mechanism in david causing
the boy to run again and hide behind
martin but unfortunately both fell into
the swimming pool monica saw it and
thought that david wanted to harm her
son after that even though david wrote a
letter of apology monica tearfully
decided to leave the boy monica led
david into the forest to leave him alone
david frantically apologized pleading
with monica to let him be her real child
but the mother still determinedly
ruthlessly abandoned the boy like
throwing away her pet david thinks that
since he is not human his mother doesn't
love him anymore he once heard his
mother tell the story of the wooden man
pinocchio the green fairy in that story
who can turn a wooden man into a real
person therefore david decided to find
the green fairy in the story the boy
encountered a group of people hunting
for robots david was caught by them in a
robot destruction workshop joe is a
cowboy robot quite handsome he
fascinated them with the magic of his
background music one day he found out
that his client had a broken he ran
right away but he is still caught in the
robot destruction factory there robots
were murdered by countless tortures
extremely cruel and the people below
both cheered and screamed passionately
david was extremely scared and clutch
joe's hand at that time the host came
over he was a very hatred for robots he
wants to destroy both of them at the
same time david was terrified screaming
not to burn him he was not a pinocchio
he was david his desire to live makes
people think he is a human child not a
robot so everyone strongly opposed to
save david
[Music]
david and joe successfully escaped they
started their journey to find the blue
fairy they meet dr no and learned that
in manhattan there is a professor who
can turn robots into real people it just
likes the magic of a blue fairy at that
time the police arrived the two of them
took the opportunity to take the police
plane to continue the journey to
manhattan after a long journey they
stopped at a building david spotted a
robotic boy who is the same as him david
was stunned he always thought that he
was the only one seeing another version
of himself constantly talking david felt
chaotic and unable to control his
emotions david destroyed that the same
robot and kept saying that he was
actually david joe saw this and was
terrified at this point the professor
came up and praised david as the
greatest robot he says david is the only
robot with his own feelings and desires
then david entered another room he saw a
pile of robots identical to him the
world in him collapsed completely it
turned out that he was just a pitiful
experiment that he is not unique he
cannot become human painful and
desperate david jumped down from the
building to put an end to his life
however when he sank to the sea david
suddenly saw the bluff david wanted to
see clearer but joe saved his life david
told joe that he saw the blue fairy and
she was on the sea
just finished speaking joe was taken
away by the police joe activated the
submarine function of the plane and told
the boy that if he could become a real
person tell everyone that joe once
really existed david controls the
submarine goes down to the sea floor
where the blue fairy lives but it turned
out to be just a statue
[Music]
however david still desperately wants to
be turned into a human and wants to have
his mother's love so he stayed in the
plane very long and prayed to the blue
fairy the boy prayed that please save
him make him a real person
[Music]
until 2000 years later the world is now
frozen people are extinct there are only
aliens on earth while they were
exploring the signal on the seabed they
discovered that david had been frozen on
the sea floor they reactivated him and
began to follow him they looked at him
like a rare antique david awoke still
did not forget his wish he went to touch
the blue fairy statue and it suddenly
crumbled to pieces like david's dream
shattered
[Music]
the aliens have restored his home but he
couldn't find his mother at that time
the alien used a 3d fairy to tell him
that humans have perished for a long
time and his mother is no longer in this
world david stopped and said why he
couldn't bring his mother back the fairy
said that it would need someone's bones
or nails to do it but the time of exist
is only one day at that time the teddy
bear takes out his mother's hidden
strands of hair that year in fact david
has always believed martin's lie that
his mother will love him more and more
the aliens say they want to make him
happy so his mother's life restoration
process is completed david went into her
bedroom and found his mother lying there
when she woke up he made her a cup of
coffee mother bathed him drawing
pictures with him they together
celebrated david's birthday
night fell he knew his mother was about
to disappear he cried while hugging her
tightly he grasped his mother's hand and
fell asleep finally after 2000 years he
became the child that his mother loved
most
you